in the morning and welcome
not a long time for a new video
more brought in again now
small tutorial and a black ops 2
tritscher tutorial fast for example
is a little trick so first the
So class offer so first
Of course in sniper leyen always like
dvds er ich make laser brand on it
Just do it like me
Seconds expected as needed ok
Just make a wild card and take
as the primary then a shield extras
are actually always in the first one
row no matter what clap yes
even after you have the mission sign
and but makes the classical easy
as well as I state private play
which is of course to public
easily everything you do is the 8th
to join him as easy to change
and you place the shield after that
Switch from the easy to the knife
He holds the knife so elegantly in his hand
take turn again easy
set down and after the
change
yes, that was just it
you can already sponsor of trips
or combine that with other things
and thanks for watching and you upstairs
next time